Added new kb article tabview-line-break-header-tabs-fit-screen-dotnet-maui (#1142)
telerik/maui-docs: knowledge-base/tabview-line-break-header-tabs-fit-screen-dotnet-maui.md

---
title: Adding Line Breaks to Header Text and Fitting Tabs to Screen in TabView for .NET MAUI
description: Learn how to add line breaks to header text and adjust tab widths to fit all tabs within the screen in TabView for .NET MAUI.
type: how-to
page_title: Adjusting Header Text and Tab Size in TabView for .NET MAUI
slug: tabview-line-break-header-tabs-fit-screen-dotnet-maui
tags: tabview, .net-maui, headertext, linebreak, fit-screen
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

| Version | Product | Author | 
| --- | --- | ---- | 
| 10.1.0 | Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TabView | [Dobrinka Yordanova](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/author/dobrinka-yordanova) |

## Description

I want to enable line breaks for the header text in the [TabView](https://docs.telerik.com/devtools/maui/controls/tabview/overview) component when the text is lengthy. Additionally, I need all tabs to fit within a single screen when there are multiple tabs.

This knowledge base article also answers the following questions:
- How to make header text wrap in TabView for .NET MAUI?
- How to fit all tabs within the screen in TabView for .NET MAUI?
- How to customize tab headers in TabView for .NET MAUI?

## Solution

> To achieve line breaks in the header text and ensure all tabs fit within the screen, follow these steps:

Reviewer: Don't introduce sections with a colon (as you introduce lists).
```suggestion
The solution suggested below shows how to enable line breaks in the header text and ensure all tabs fit within the screen.
```
